Binding To Atlas.o
	Requirements: 
		1. The file to be linked to Atlas must have a function called
		start(). At linking Atlas will look for the start identifier
		to call at boot. 
		
		2. The object file to link to must be compiled with the 
		relocatable flag. This will allow it to at a later time have
		atlas fill in the blanks of functions like the base text 
		video library. 
		
		3. The object file to link must be set explicitly for thirty
		bit compilation. Atlas is currently a thirty two bit system, 
		and only thirty two bit code will link and boot. 

		ex. 
			gcc -m32 -c $(file).c -o $(file).o 

			or

			gcc -m32 -c -I /path/to/include/ $(file).c -o $(file).o 

Standard Bind: 
	
	Assuming a file has been made with the preceding requirements, you 
	can simply bind to an object file using make target. The makefile for 
	Atlas allows you to target a specific file for binding, and makes the 
	linking process very easy. 

	To link Atlas with target binding: 
		
		make target TARGET=$(OBJFILE)

	Output: 
		Atlas will produce a file called Atlas.img that is the direct 
		image output of the file you targeted with Atlas bound to it. 
		This file can be renamed or moved with no issue, it is a fully 
		portable file that is ready to be burned to a disk. 

		I prefer to use qemu-system-32 to test the images, it boots fast 
		and has been proven to reliably boot Atlas. 

No Target Binding: 

	No target binding implies that you have made (make) the Atlas.o 
	object with or without the base libraries. After the object file 
	has been made, it can be linked (bound) to a relocatable file 
	that will be the kernel. 
		Process: 
			After the kernel or program has been succesfully been compiled
			, the file can be linked to Atlas using a linker script. A 
			premade script can be found in the scripts folder, it must be 
			used for Atlas to successfully boot a kernel or program. 
			
			The output format is described in the linker script, and the 
			final output must be in the binary format, allowing direct
			translation from the processor. 

		Example Link: 
			ld -T /path/to/script/script.ld Atlas.o $(OBJFILE) -o $(OUTPUT)
		





